[Music]
thank you
a century before the first year of Our
Lord a man named diadoris from Sicily
recorded for posterity the beginnings of
the greatest Empire in human history he
started with the royal family who lived
on the shores of the Black Sea and
called themselves the descendants of
Helios diadoris tells us of the royal
family whose magic created an Empire of
the Mind
he tells us of the first queen to be the
Christ indeed he tells us of the oldest
Gospel the oldest mystery and she who
developed it he tells us of her power
stretching from east to west he tells us
of the buildings and The Monuments
marked by her name
he tells us of the engineering Feats she
accomplished he tells us of the medicine
she created and the hospitals that were
built he tells us of the people who
worshiped her he tells us of her Divine
mouth
from which came the future
he tells us of Medea
[Music]
everything starts with an expedition of
Greeks from thessally
diadoris tells us this Expedition
left Thrace after equipping itself with
supplies and sailed into the pontus the
Black Sea there it came
the peninsula We Now call Crimea
diadoris tells us those Greeks were
unaware of the extreme behavior of
locals The Barbarians that live in that
land have a law
they sacrifice to Artemis tauropolis
anyone who happens to wash ashore this
is the place if the Janaya was later
Taken
in order to be the Priestess of this
goddess to sacrifice
to her
those who were captured talropolis was
the goddess's cult title she was cult
leader of the taurians diadoris tells us
Helios
had two sons
et's and percies he said
ETS was the ruler of caucus and Percy's
the ruler of the taurians both of them
were known for their cruelty
children of Helios were marked by
specific features
including hair
color of the sun's burning rays
skin
that glowed an eyes
that bore The Shining Mark of Helios
their culture was driven by drugs and
the drug trade their arrows were their
defense tipped with poisons that gave
the towerians and the caulkians a
distinct military Advantage descendants
of horse cultures
these people ultimately dominated the
Black Sea as pirates
[Music]
one need only to Sail by the great tower
of Medea when one entered into the Black
Sea to know that the region was theirs
the region belonged
to the daughters of Helios
diadoris tells us that Perseus had a
daughter named Hecate she excelled her
father and courage in a disdain
custom she was a Huntress who worked
with black hounds and when she was not
hunting wild beasts she hunted men
instead she was a lover of the skill of
crafting death bringing drugs she
discovered aconite and she tested out
its powers upon people captured people
who were administered the drug
hecatee eventually used these drugs to
kill her own father and to assume power
over the kingdom when she Rose to power
she established this practice of killing
strangers who happen to be washed ashore
and for this she garnered a great
reputation of Cruelty
[Music]
some time later
hackity cohabited with eet's and
produced two daughters Cersei and Medea
they also had a son Cersei had an innate
propensity
for pharmacological experimentation and
she discovered the powers
of many drugs unbelievable Powers she
learned a lot from her mother Hecate but
what's more
she learned even more through her own
skill diadoris tells us that Cersei was
given to marriage to a King of the
salamations some people he says call
these people scythians we know that
Medea had her own bodyguard 12 of these
scythian women skilled in drug knowledge
but Cersei killed off the king of the
sorrowmations with drugs assumed control
of the kingdom and did many bad and
cruel things for which she was exiled
from the kingdom according to the
mythographers she fled to the ocean to a
deserted island and took with her to
that place all the women who followed
her some people say she came to Italy to
the very place we call today kirkayan
foreign
[Music]
it was there on that island
that she met Odysseus
she poisoned him and his men he was
given an antidote against her drugs by
the God Hermes
disguised as a young boy diadoris tells
us that Medea learned the art of drugs
from both her mother hecatee and her
sister Cersei but he adds
that Medea did not have the same intent
as they did she was not cruel instead
she tried to rescue strangers who'd been
taken captive
sometimes she asked her father directly
to be merciful to the ones who were
about to be put to death to give them
salvation
sometimes she arranged to have them
released herself
it may be that her father eats was the
source of Cruelty
but it also may be that her mother was
the one who would establish the right to
kill strangers and therefore influenced
eet's
regardless of what the mythographers or
historians argue
it's well known that Medea went on
to be the healer of the family to be the
one to spread the healing rights that
she herself would develop based upon the
pharmacological cures that she had
studied with her mother and sister Medea
used the wisdom that had been stored
in the activities of the family of the
Sun
for Generations
she used that wisdom in order to create
a mystery right that would rule the
world
[Music]
this princess who would become queen of
a people in history
this princess was the origin of the
bakic right
the very maddening mystery
that would sweep from east to west in
the Bronze Age The Very mystery whose
decline would bring Darkness to the
world
Medea discovered the right and an entire
group of people once called Aryans would
change their name to match the power of
hers they called themselves the medes
diadoris the Sicilian
preserved for us that very right in the
first recorded mystery Medea is the
Christ and diadoris brings us to that
place where we can see the performance
it was this
late Bronze Age right that would be
corrupted as early as its first
generation by a man named Heracles many
others would develop corrupted forms of
this medic right
such as Moses
and Jesus but this right began with a
woman
this right began in a place that was
administered by a woman
this right
became the basis
of all of civilizations religious
inclinations she
is the first Christ
[Music]
and this
is diadoris's description
of her initiation this right begins with
the creation of an image
it is true idolatry and about this queen
who invented fumigation
Diadora says Medea made
an empty image of the goddess Artemis
she then filled it with drugs of all
capacities next she christed herself
making her hair gray and her skin
wrinkled
her appearance was such that anyone who
saw her would think that she was an old
woman and then
picking up
this mystery initiation image and she
carried it into the city where the
people
were put into Divine fear from it
just as Medea was in a state of
enthusiastic Mania so did the people
come under the control of the idol
and as they did
as they entered ecstasy Medea
spoke the news of the arrival of a
goddess who should be embraced she said
this goddess had come to bring the
people to a place of Fortune to protect
their King all in a state of mania
worshiped the goddess with sacrifice all
of the city was ecstatic along with
and from these Origins
bring the BARC mystery it would sweep
both east and west from the Black Sea
from the taurian and kolkian kingdoms a
royal line produced the first
the first Savior
and she as Divine physician
was Christ
[Music]
foreign